# AsgardGgreen
Website for Asgard Green Cooperative Housing

### Setup instructions
1. Install node and npm
2. Install Ruby and gem install Sass
3. Run npm install from the root directory
4. npm install grunt-cli

### Build instructions
1. Before starting work run `grunt compile` in terminal. This watches pug and sass files and updates the autogenerated css and html files. 
2. Only make changes to sass and pug files. HTML and css files are autogenerated and changes will be overwritten the next time someone runs `grunt compile`.
3. The website is run off of github pages. Please consult github documentation for information on how this works.
4. The live website can be accessed from asgardgreen.com

### To make a new page
1. Create a new pug file under the templates folder. It will create an autogenerated html file under views. You may need to move this file to make the new page accessible on the website or edit the Gruntfile to make sure it is outputted to the correct place in the directory structure.
2. Please make use of sass partials for clarity in dealing with the stylesheets. 

### Pushing and pulling
* When you push changes up to the repository please include the autogenerated html and css files. Not pushing these means your changes will not appear on the website and that your PR will not be approved.
* Before pulling a branch stop running grunt compile. If you continue to run grunt compile you will create new autogenerated files and potentially cause conflicts if you need to apply a stash afterwards. You can restart grunt compile when you are ready to start making changes again.
